# Code of Conduct

saf.ai\'s Commitment to Our Employees, Consumers & Business Partners

## A message from leadership

Hi Friends,

Reflecting on the journey that we are starting, there will be many
achievements and milestones along our way. We may be able to recall and
recount them in the future, however we won\'t be able to pin down the
date we earn the trust of our consumers and those that we do business
with, because it doesn\'t happen in a day.

It happens over the course of years, and will grow as users derive more
and more value from our products.

Being in cybersecurity, trust is our core asset. And it\'s one of the
most fragile. One incident, one news story, one careless comment, and
the trust we work so hard to earn can be lost. That\'s why the way we
conduct our business is as important as the products we sell. Our Code
of Conduct provides us with the resources and the information we need to
operate our business responsibly, to make ethical decisions ... to
maintain trust.

I encourage you to read our Code and use it to guide your actions.

Strive to do good in all that you do and remain true to the vision we
are building together. Speak up if you have a concern or see something
wrong, and seek guidance anytime you are unsure about the right thing to
do.

We are proud of all that we have accomplished together and humbled to
lead this great company. We know that, together, we\'ll continue to make
a positive difference.

Ahmed Masud

President,

```{=html}
<div style='display: flex; flex-direction: row; align-items: flex-end;'>
 <div style='width: 180px;'>
     <img src='https://saf.ai/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/1656328_10151873286246008_1249613630_n.jpg' style='width: 180px;' />
 </div>
</div>
```
```{=latex}
\pagebreak
```
## Begin Here

**Our Code reflects who we are and what\'s important to us.**

It provides an overview of the laws, regulations and company policies
that apply to us and the work we do, but it does more than that. It
builds upon our shared values. That\'s why we count on every employee
and Board member to follow our Code and make decisions that will
preserve the trust that others have placed in us. We expect nothing less
from our business partners, including our consultants, distributors,
technology partners and suppliers, as well as our subsidiaries and joint
venture partners.

We understand the responsibility we have to communicate with them about
our high standards of integrity and cannot ask them to violate any of
our values and operating principles. Our Code is a great resource, but
it doesn\'t cover every situation you may face on the job, so it\'s
important to use good judgment in everything you do and to ask for help
if you\'re ever unsure about the right course of action.

## KNOW YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES

**Our good name is in your hands.**

No matter what position you\'re in, what your job function is, or or
where you do it, you are sāf.ai.

Think about that as you watch over every business relationship, every
transaction and every product, and make sure your actions always reflect
our values.

Follow our Code and policies as well as the laws and regulations of the
country (or countries) where you work, and protect what we\'ve built.
And, complete your assigned training\-\--it\'s the best way to stay
up-to-date on what\'s expected of you.

If you see or suspect anything illegal or unethical, it may seem easier
to look the other way or let someone else take the lead, but misconduct
affects all of us. No concern is too minor to report. Share your
concerns promptly and cooperate fully and honestly in any internal
investigation. Be aware that anyone who violates our Code may face
corrective action, up to and including termination of employment with
sāf.ai.

If you manage people, you have an even greater responsibility. Lead by
example, making sure your team members know the Code is a resource for
them and that there is no difference between what you do and what you
expect from others. Create the kind of workplace where employees feel
comfortable coming forward with questions and concerns, and support them
when they raise issues. Never retaliate against employees for sharing
concerns in good faith, and prevent retaliation by others.

## SPEAK UP WITHOUT FEAR

::: {.sidebar .sidebar}
**What if?**

**I suspect\-\--but am not certain\-\--that someone is violating our
Code,** *should I keep my concerns to myself?*

No. If you suspect a violation, say something. It\'s better to raise a
potential problem than to wait and risk harm to others or to the
company. Reporting \"in good faith\" means you are coming forward
honestly with information that you believe to be true, even if, after
investigation, it turns out that you were mistaken.

**Culturally, it\'s not common to report a concern about someone that is
in a leadership position.** *What should I do?*

It\'s important to say something about your concerns. saf.ai respects
its diverse workforce, considers various cultural norms when looking
into concerns and takes all appropriate actions to protect the identity
of the person who is sharing the information, as well as the information
that\'s being shared.
:::

**We don\'t tolerate retaliation.**

As a company we know it takes courage to come forward and share your
concerns. We won\'t retaliate or permit retaliation against anyone who
raises questions or concerns about corporate activities. We won\'t
retaliate or permit retaliation against anyone who makes a good faith
report about possible misconduct or legal violations to us or a
government authority or assists in an investigation of misconduct or
legal violation.

Regardless of who you contact, you can be confident that you\'re doing
the right thing and that your concern will be handled promptly and
appropriately. We investigate reports of misconduct thoroughly,
disclosing information only to those who need it to resolve the issue.

## KNOW WHERE TO GO FOR HELP

**There are people ready to support you.**

Have a question, problem or a concern? In most cases, your manager
should be your first point of contact. They are likely in the best
position to understand your concern and take the appropriate action. If
you\'re uncomfortable speaking with your manager, or if you have already
shared a concern and feel it\'s not being addressed appropriately, reach
out to HR or another member of management or one of the following:

-   The CEO of the company.
-   One of the members of the saf.ai Board of Directors.

Nothing in the Code prohibits you from communicating with government
agencies about possible violations of federal, state, or local laws or
otherwise providing information to government agencies, filing a
complaint with government agencies, or participating in government
agency investigations or proceedings, and the Code does not require you
to notify the Company of any such communications.

## RESPECT OTHERS

**We\'ll only be successful because of our amazing people.**

We\'re one team, but we represent many ideas, experiences and
backgrounds. We value each other\'s contributions and believe that
everyone should have an equal chance to succeed\-\--this is essential to
advancing our goals and initiatives. Do your part to keep the saf.ai
workplace a diverse, inclusive and respectful by driving a positive
environment, and recognize the many strengths and talents our diverse
colleagues bring to the workplace.

## PROMOTE A SAFE SĀF.AI

We value the safety and security of every employee. We look out for each
other. We follow our safety procedures and promote a culture of safety,
because our people are our greatest asset.

Every employee is empowered to take immediate action for people safety
regardless of role, title or responsibility. If you see a situation that
could put others at risk, take action, and at all times and in all
places, work to keep yourself and your coworkers injury-free.

Observe a zero-tolerance policy when it comes to acts or threats of
violence. Be alert to what is going on around you, observe good security
practices and speak up about any threats of potential violence.

Having, using or distributing alcohol or illegal drugs is also
prohibited by our policies because substance abuse can impair your
judgment, your performance and the safety of those who work with you.
There may be instances where drinking alcoholic beverages while
conducting company business is permitted, but make sure you comply with
all laws and company policies and principles, and always exercise both
moderation and good judgment.

## UPHOLD HUMAN RIGHTS

::: {.sidebar .sidebar}
**What can you do?**

Follow the employment laws where you work, be alert to abuses and speak
up if you see or suspect possible labor law or human rights violations.
:::

**We are committed to fair employment practices everywhere we operate.**

As a company, we respect the rights of every individual and abide by the
employment laws in the markets where we operate. We support the
principles established under the United Nations Universal Declaration of
Human Rights and do not knowingly conduct business with any individual
or company that participates in the exploitation of children (including
child labor), physical punishment, forced or prison labor or human
trafficking.

We expect our suppliers and partners to share our commitment to the same
high standards.

See our statement on `slavery-statement`{.interpreted-text role="ref"}

## KEEP PRIVATE INFORMATION PRIVATE

::: {.sidebar .sidebar}
**Good Practices.**

It is important to practice good cyber-hygiene.

::: container
-   Know what kind of information is considered personal.
-   Follow the privacy laws and regulation of the country or countries
    where you work.
:::

For details see our [Cyber Security Policy](cyber-policy)
:::

**People trust us to protect their personal information.**

We respect the privacy of our consumers, our customers, our coworkers
and others with whom we conduct business, and we handle their personal
information with care. \"Personal information\" is any information that
could be used to identify someone, either directly or indirectly, such
as a name, employee ID, email address or phone number. There are data
privacy laws that prescribe how to responsibly collect, store, use,
share, transfer and dispose of personal information, and we strive to
comply with those laws everywhere we operate.

Follow our policies and protect any personal information that is
entrusted to you. Use it only in the way it\'s meant to be used and
don\'t share it with anyone inside or outside of the company in an
unauthorized manner.

Practice good cybersecurity, too. Make sure you follow the processes and
practices we have in place to protect our networks, computers, programs
and data from attack, damage or unauthorized access.

Partners and suppliers may also be required to abide by the terms of
[Cyber Security Requirements for Partner Program](ppa-cyber) as part of
our partner program agreement(s).

## NEVER BRIBE

::: sidebar
**What if?**

A government official asked if I can help their daughter get an
internship at our company. They say that they can make it worth my
while.

**Don\'t do it**. \"*Worth your while*\" suggests that the government
official may be planning to do something improper in exchange for the
favor. You can provide the government employee information about an
internship and allow his daughter to apply as all other candidates do.
Doing anything more than that could be viewed as a bribe.
:::

**We compete for business based on the merit of our products.**

That was the principle on which our very first sale was made, and it\'s
the way we continue to do business today. Work honestly and with
integrity. Don\'t offer bribes, accept bribes or let others bribe for
you. And do everything you can to prevent bribery by others who conduct
business on our behalf\-\--as a company, we\'re not only responsible for
your actions, but also the actions of any third-party who represents us.

Remember, a bribe can be something other than cash. A gift, a favor,
even an offer of a loan or a job could be considered a bribe if it\'s
offered in exchange for a decision. Before offering anything of value,
check our policies and ask questions about what\'s okay, and what\'s
not. The laws in some countries impose bigger penalties for bribing
government officials, but for us, it\'s simple: bribery\-\--of anyone,
at any organization, at any level\-\--is always wrong.

## KNOW THE RULES ABOUT GIFTS AND ENTERTAINMENT

**We don\'t give or receive anything that is inappropriate.**

An occasional gift or offer of entertainment is often viewed as a normal
part of doing business. But sometimes even a well-intentioned gift or
offer can cross the line. And any gift that creates a sense of
obligation or compromises your professional judgment is always
inappropriate. That\'s why we have guidelines in place\-\--to identify
the circumstances under which an offer is okay\-\--and when it\'s not.

Make sure you follow the rules, and be aware of any special
restrictions. For example, giving anything of value to a government
official can be problematic. Always ask for help from the Law Department
if the right thing to do is unclear.

## FOLLOW IMPORT, EXPORT AND TRADE COMPLIANCE RULES

**We comply with the laws that govern global trade of our products.**

As a United States-based company conducting business around the world,
it\'s critical that we know and follow the international trade laws that
regulate the import and export of our products.

If you are involved in the movement of products, services, information
or technology across international borders, make sure you know and
comply with the requirements associated with the countries in which you
do business.

*Be aware that the laws of more than one country may apply.*

We must carefully evaluate business opportunities within countries that
are subject to U.S. trade embargoes or economic sanctions and strive to
ensure that the strict regulations governing these markets are
evaluated. And we don\'t participate in or promote boycotts that the
United States does not support.

## PROTECT OUR ASSETS

We\'re good stewards of our physical, electronic and information assets.

Our assets include everything that our company owns or uses to conduct
business. Each of us is entrusted with the care of these assets, so be
proactive in safeguarding them from loss, damage, theft, waste and
improper use.

Physical and electronic assets such as equipment, tools, inventory,
computer hardware and software are provided in order for you to do your
job.

Occasional personal use of assets such as phones, computers, email and
the Internet is permitted, but make sure your use doesn\'t interfere
with work (yours or anyone else\'s) and doesn\'t violate our policies or
the law.

Be aware that anything you write, send, download or store on our systems
is company property, and we may monitor your use\-\--you shouldn\'t have
any expectation of personal privacy when using our systems.

Information is also a critical asset. Confidential information and
intellectual property represent the outcome of significant company
investment and years of hard work. Trade secrets, patents, copyrights,
trademarks, business plans, engineering ideas, databases, customer
lists\-\--when you help protect these assets, you help protect our
competitive advantage.

## sāf.ai Future

We are creating our future. As a young company it is up to us to decide
what that will mean for us in the next decade and for our successors. At
the end of the day it\'s up to us to hold firm to our principles and to
hold each other accountable to the highest standards of integrity.

If you have any questions about this Code, please contact Ahmed Masud
(President).

### Bibliography and References

\[1\] Hershey Corporation, \"Code of Conduct\", 2018. \[Online\].

\[2\] Microsoft Corporation GitHub Code of Conduct.

\[3\] US Department of Defense Code of Conduct
