# sāf.ai \-\-- Privacy Policy

sāf.ai's second founding principle is that data privacy is a fundamental
right. This privacy policy is a part of our commitment to data privacy.
This policy outlines the nature of the data that we collect, what we do
with that data, and how we protect that data for our website:
<https://saf.ai>, our social media sites, and social networking sites.

## What data do we collect?

sāf.ai collects Non-Personally Identifying Information (Non-PII) and
possibly Personally Identifying Information (PII) depending on the
nature of your interaction.

Non-PII is data is anonymous, in that, it cannot be used to distinguish
or trace any specific individual\'s identity. This information is
automatically collected when visiting our website and includes the IP
address, date, time, page(s) accessed, browser type and the referring
page (if applicable).

As a general rule, saf.ai does not collect PII when you visit our
website, unless you choose to provide such information to us. PII may
include your name, email, address, phone number, or other information
that identifies you personally. If you choose to provide us with PII, by
completing a web form or sending us an email, we will use that
information to help provide you the information or service you have
requested or to respond to your message.

## How do we use this information?

We may use this information in the following ways:

- To improve and deliver the type of content and product offerings
    which would most interest and serve you.
- To allow us to better respond to your requests and inquiries.
- To administer a contect, promotion, survey, or other site feature.
- To send periodic emails regarding your requests, inquiries, or other
    products and services.

## What about "cookies"?

Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to
your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow it).
This enables the site or service provider to recognize your browser and
capture and remember certain information. They also help us understand
your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which
enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to
help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction
so that we can offer better site experiences in the future.

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is
being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. Should you choose
to disable cookies, some features that make the site more efficient will
also be disabled and may limit the functionality of the site for you. We
may also use trusted third party services that track this information on
our behalf.

## Who has access?

We do not and will never rent, sell, or trade Non-PII or PII. Only our
employees and third parties (who we trust and have agreed to keep this
information confidential) that are directly responsible for or assist us
in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you will
have access to your information. Their access gives them the ability to
process it on sāf.ai\'s behalf or to provide services available at
sāf.ai\'s website. We will only release your information when we believe
release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site
policies, or to protect ours and others' rights, property and safety.

## How do we protect it?

sāf.ai protects your data by empowering your data to protect itself. We
use sāf.ai patented technology to ensure that your data is protected at
all times. For more information on how we do this please visit
<https://saf.ai>.

Please remember that no method of transmission over the Internet is 100%
secure.
