# sāf.ai Statement Against Modern Slavery and Child Labor

## 2022 statement

According to the International Labour Organization (ILO), [40 million
people were victims of modern slavery and 152 million children were
subject to child
labor](https://www.ilo.org/global/about-the-ilo/newsroom/news/WCMS_574717/lang--en/index.htm)
globally in 2016.

As the ILO reports:

- 1 in 4 victims of modern slavery are children.
- Out of the 24.9 million people trapped in forced labour, 16 million
    people are exploited in the private sector such as domestic work,
    construction or agriculture; 4.8 million persons in forced sexual
    exploitation, and 4 million persons in forced labour imposed by
    state authorities.
- Women and girls are disproportionately affected by forced labour,
    accounting for 99% of victims in the commercial sex industry, and
    58% in other sectors.

sāf.ai deplores the presence and persistence of modern slavery and child
labor, and takes seriously its responsibility to ensure that neither
modern slavery nor child labor takes place in its supply-chain or in any
part of its business. (\"Modern slavery\" in this statement refers to
slavery, forced or compulsory labor, trafficking, servitude, and workers
who are imprisoned, indentured, or bonded. \"Child labor\" refers to
work performed by someone under 16 years of age, or under 14 for light
work, provided it is not confined to periods that interfere with the
child\'s schooling and not in conditions that interfere with the
child\'s health or well-being.)

In accordance with the [UK Modern Slavery
Act](https://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2015/30/section/54/enacted),
and in alignment with the [ILO 2014 Protocol to its Forced Labour
Convention](https://www.ilo.org/dyn/normlex/en/f?p=NORMLEXPUB:12100:0::NO::P12100_ILO_CODE:P029),
[ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at
Work](https://www.ilo.org/declaration/thedeclaration/textdeclaration/lang--en/index.htm),
and [United Nations Sustainable Development Goals target
8.7](https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/sdg8), this 2022 Statement
Against Modern Slavery and Child Labor (\"the Statement\") describes the
steps saf.ai has taken to prevent modern slavery and child labor from
occurring in its business or supply chain.

## Policies in relation to modern slavery and child labor

### Modern slavery and child labor

sāf.ai\'s Code of Ethics prohibits knowingly using, participating in,
supporting, or tolerating modern slavery (slavery, forced or compulsory
labor, trafficking, servitude, or workers who are imprisoned,
indentured, or bonded) or child labor in its business operations. Any
sāf.ai employee or contractor who violates this prohibition will be
subject to termination of employment or business relationship.

sāf.ai\'s Standards of Conduct prohibit unsafe and illegal conduct,
including knowingly using, participating in, supporting, or tolerating
modern slavery (slavery, forced or compulsory labor, trafficking,
servitude, or workers who are imprisoned, indentured, or bonded) or
child labor.

sāf.ai complies with laws prohibiting trafficking and child labor in the
jurisdictions in which it operates, including U.S. Federal Acquisition
Regulation 22.17 on combatting human trafficking.

In addition, sāf.ai is now exploring a partnership with the FairHotel
Program, which means sāf.ai encourages its employees to choose FairHotel
endorsed hotels-where workers have fair wages, adequate benefits, and a
voice on the job. Being a FairHotel partner will also signify that
sāf.ai provides business to hotels as a fair employer.

Going forward, sāf.ai will communicate this Statement to all employees,
contractors, and suppliers, including recruiters and employment
agencies. In addition, sāf.ai is developing training for all sāf.ai
employees on modern slavery and child labor. sāf.ai posts its Statement
Against Modern Slavery and Child Labor publicly.

sāf.ai has a non-retaliation policy for reporting workplace-related
concerns. Consistent with this Statement, sāf.ai allows employees and
contractors to report issues regarding modern slavery and child labor
without fear of retaliation.
